feat(rustdoc): stabilize `--emit` flag (#146220)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustdoc/src/command-line-arguments.md

the crate root's docs. You can use this flag to differentiate between different versions of your
library's documentation.

## `--emit`: control the types of output for rustdoc to emit

This flag controls the types of output by rustdoc. It accepts a comma-separated
list of values, and may be specified multiple times. The valid emit kinds are:

> - `toolchain-shared-resources` --- Generates shared static files that their

Reviewer: Not sure whether these triple-dashes are considered standard :)

Author: It's a mdbook stuff. Not sure about rustdoc but Cargo book uses that everywhere 

https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/format/markdown.html#smart-punctuation

  contents are tied to a specific toolchain version. These are written with a
  filename that includes a hash of their contents, so they are safe to cache with the
  change if the toolchain version or their contents change, so it is safe to

>   cache them wit the `Cache-Control: immutable` directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  change if the toolchain version or their contents change, or with the `Cache-Control: immutable` directive.
```

  cache them wit the `Cache-Control: immutable` directive.
- `invocation-specific` --- Generates files based on the crate(s) being
  documented. These file names need to be deterministic so there is no
  content-hash in their file names.
- `dep-info` --- Generates a file with Makefile syntax that indicates all the
  source files that were loaded to document the crate. The default output
  filename is `CRATE_NAME.d`. This emit type can can optionally be followed by
  `=` to specify an explicit output path.

>   For example, `--emit=dep-info=/path/to/foo.d`.

Author: I've updated the argument doc to include the `--emit=depinfo=-` fix
